OKTA-452179 cleanup nutrition facts for Tuscany (#2902)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/oie-embedded-common-refresh-tokens/main/ios/refreshusingthesdk.md

}
```

The Swift
[EmbeddedAuth sample app](https://github.com/okta/okta-idx-swift/tree/master/Samples/EmbeddedAuthWithSDKs/EmbeddedAuth)
provides a refresh button on the
user profile page that calls this `refresh` method. See the [Identity Engine Swift SDK](https://github.com/okta/okta-idx-swift) for details on how this button calls the `refresh` method.

> The direct API approach using the [OAuth token endpoint](#option-2-refresh-the-tokens-with-the-oauth-token-endpoint) is also supported for refresh tokens. It's up to the developer whether they want to use this endpoint or the SDK's convenience method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The direct API approach that uses the [OAuth token endpoint](#option-2-refresh-the-tokens-with-the-oauth-token-endpoint) is also supported for refresh tokens. It's up to the developer whether to use this endpoint or the SDK's convenience method.
```
